# Altitude Reporting Equipment and Transponder System Maintenance and Inspection Practices

## INSTALLATION
### Installation Preparation
### Installation and Inspection Data
### For Mode Select (Mode S) Transponder and UAT Installation. 

## MAINTENANCE
Any appropriately rated person (as specified in [§ 43.3](../../Part/43/3.md)) may perform
maintenance or preventive maintenance on an aircraft altitude reporting and transponder
system. This work may include the removal of and/or replacement with an identical
system component. An appropriately rated person can approve the aircraft for return to
service only after the performance of a suitable functional check of the entire system (as
installed in the aircraft) to determine that the system, as well as the component, will
perform its intended functions.

## FUNCTIONAL TESTING

## RECOMMENDED TEST PROCEDURES

### Static Pressure System Test
### Altimeter Certification Test
### Altimeter Field Elevation Verification.
### Pressure Altitude Correspondence Test
### Test and Inspection Requirements of Aircraft Certified for Operation Where Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum (RVSM) is Applied. 
### Transponder Test and Inspection.
## SECTIONS 91.411 AND 91.413 COMPLIANCE FLOWCHART.
## ALTIMETER TEST EQUIPMENT.
### Barometers (气压计)
### Portable Test Equipment 
High accuracy portable test equipment (with correction card,
if appropriate) maintained in accordance with § [145.109(b)](../../Part/145/109.md). Calibration checks of the test
equipment in accordance with the following schedule provide a satisfactory level of
performance:

## MAINTENANCE RECORD ENTRY
The following example of a permanent
maintenance record entry will be satisfactory for compliance with [§ 43.9](../../Part/43/9.md)

## TESTING PRECAUTIONS
### Determining Design Limits
### Static System and Pitot System
### Accidental Disconnection
### Marking Blockage Devices
### Barometric Correlation Adjustment
### Altimeter Jerkiness
### Encoder Errors
 Some encoders may exhibit errors and excessive drift during initial
warmup. Lack of correspondence within 125 feet between altimeter and encoder, if
observed 5 minutes after initial power turn on or later, should be considered failure to
meet the standards of [§ 91.411(a)](../../Part/91/411.md). Only after the repair of the encoder should subsequent
retesting occur.

### Encoder Calibration
## INSTALLATION AND TESTING CONCERNS.
### Altitude Encoding Capability
### Installation Location
### Shop Testing and Functional Tests
### Deterioration and Repairs
### Purging
### Quick Disconnect Static Line Ports