# Standardized Procedures for Obtaining Approval of Data Used in the Performance of Major Repairs and Major Alterations
重要修理和重要改装
本咨询通告（AC）描述了一个标准化程序，用于请求批准与重要修理/重要改装相关的技术数据。 此AC还提供了有助于确定提出的修理/改装是否需要批准的数据, 获得数据现场批准(或其他方式批准)的指南和标准程序, 以及填写现场批准清单的说明.
这个AC描述了获得用于重要修理和重要改装的批准数据的可接受方法, 但不是唯一方法. 但是，无论您是飞机所有者，运营人还是航空维修技术员（AMT）（统称为申请人）使用AC中描述的方法，您都必须在所有重要方面遵循此规定。


## INTRODUCTION
### Purpose
### Applicability
### Cancellation
### Regulatory Basis
Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations (14 CFR) part 43, § 43.7
specifies persons authorized to approve an aircraft or aircraft component for return to
service after maintenance, preventative maintenance, rebuilding, or alteration. For major
repairs or major alterations the work must be done in accordance with technical data
approved by the Administrator. The following CFR references require the use of this
data:

1. Title 14 CFR part 43, [§§ 43.7(d)](../../Part/43/7.md) ) and [43.17(e)(2)](../../Part/43/17.md) . 
2. Title 14 CFR part 65, [§ 65.95(a)(1)](../../Part/65/95.md);
3. Title 14 CFR part 121, [§ 121.379(b)](../../Part/121/379.md);
4. Title 14 CFR part 135, [§ 135.437(b)](../../Part/135/437.md); and
5. Title 14 CFR part 145, [§ 145.201(c)(2)](../../Part/145/201.md)

### Repair and Alteration Classification
 Only those persons with [§ 43.7](../../Part/43/7.md) authorization may
approve an aircraft, airframe, engine, propeller, appliance, or component part for return to
service after the performance of a repair or alteration. You must perform major repairs
and major alterations using technical data approved by the Administrator. You may
perform minor repairs and alterations using technical data acceptable to the
Administrator. This AC includes flowcharts (Figures 3-1, Field Approval Process, and
3-2, Determination of Major or Minor Alteration or Repair) to help classify a
repair/alteration.

### Responsibility for Obtaining Data. 

### General Information
## DATA
### Definition of Data as it Relates to a Repair or Alteration
### Classification of Technical Data.
## FIELD APPROVAL PROCESS AND DATA APPROVAL.
### General Information
### Conduct Research.
### Evaluate the Data
### Perform Repair or Alteration
## FLIGHT MANUAL SUPPLEMENTS.
### General Information
### Aircraft Flight Manuals
### Manual Supplements.
### Format and Content
### Supplement Information Approval
### Aircraft Certification Office Approval Process
### Additional AFMS Considerations
## MAINTENANCE INFORMATION
### Purpose of Maintenance Information for a Major Repair or Major Alteration.
### Benefits of Providing Maintenance Information for a Major Repair or Major
### Alteration
### Maintenance Information as Part of the Major Repair or Major Alteration Data
### Package
### Maintenance Information Under the Civil Air Regulations (CAR).
### Maintenance Information Development
### Maintenance Information Content.
## Administrative Matters 
### Acronyms
### Related FAA Orders and Advisory Circulars 
### Obtaining Copies of Referenced Documents and This AC